What just bet
Didn't you say you were going to kneel down and kowtow to me three times?
Hurry up
OK
Is it okay now?
Okay, go away.
You follow him and notify Du Chenhui by the way
All assets of Chachao Luo Shanshan
Don't lose a penny to him
Now it's your turn.
Selected
I am the only male in our Yang family
I still have to carry on the family line
And -- and we have three daughters.
You don't want to see our daughter either.
No dad
Who says only daughters can carry on the family line?
And you are not the only male in your Yang family
you
Are you talking about me?
You are the illegitimate son of the Yang family raised in the countryside
Just got picked up from the city
And I also know
Six years ago, you rescued a little girl in the mountains
That jade pendant
Is the certificate